c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\G7_DBFirstNew.dll.config
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\G7_DBFirstNew.dll
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\G7_DBFirstNew.pdb
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\obj\Debug\G7_DBFirstNew.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\obj\Debug\G7_DBFirstNew.dll
c:\users\vegetapc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\G7_DBFirstNew\G7_DBFirstNew\obj\Debug\G7_DBFirstNew.pdb
